README.md, before:

# Web

- [x] HTML
- [x] CSS
- [x] JavaScript

## RW-Hotshot.com

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_rw-hotshot)
- [Website](https://www.rw-hotshot.com/)

![Screenshot: RW-Hotshot.com](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/RW-Hotshot-800.png)

## Portfolio V2

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/jcampbell18.github.io)
- [Website](https://jcampbell18.github.io/)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/jcampbell18_v2_screenshot-600.png)

## Invoicing Template

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_invoicing_template)
- [Website](https://jcampbell18.github.io/web_invoicing_template/)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/invoicing_template-600.png)

## Portfolio V1

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_portfolio-v1/)
- [Website](https://jcampbell18.github.io/web_portfolio-v1/)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/jcampbell18_v1_screenshot_600.png)

## Movie Database Search

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_moviesAPI)
- [Website]()

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_moviesAPI/blob/master/design/DesktopTemplate.png)

Commit message:

updated readme with image link and upload images

README.md, after:

# Web

- [x] HTML
- [x] CSS
- [x] JavaScript

## RW-Hotshot.com

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_rw-hotshot)
- [Website](https://www.rw-hotshot.com/)

![Screenshot: RW-Hotshot.com](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/RW-Hotshot-800.png)

## Portfolio V2

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/jcampbell18.github.io)
- [Website](https://jcampbell18.github.io/)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/jcampbell18_v2_screenshot-600.png)

## Invoicing Template

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_invoicing_template)
- [Website](https://jcampbell18.github.io/web_invoicing_template/)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/invoicing_template-600.png)

## Portfolio V1

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_portfolio-v1/)
- [Website](https://jcampbell18.github.io/web_portfolio-v1/)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/jcampbell18_v1_screenshot_600.png)

## STA Bus Schedule (RESTful API)

- co-created by Jason Campbell and Valdyn Hunt
- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/php_STA_schedule)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/HTML_CSS/blob/main/STA_page-600.png)

### EWU CSCD 378: Web Applications

#### Final Team Project

- automatic depart/arrival bus schedule

- using a variety of API's to determine stops/routes

- if a bus is getting ready to depart, have alerts show up. "route 66 leaves this stop in 2 minutes" or "route 66 is delayed 4 minutes"

- web page starts...

  - options, what stops are being services
    - 2 different stops, PUB and isle hall
    - wants both on boards
    - allow the user "badging"
    - "badging" allow the user to change background colors (themes)
      - i.e., EWU is red, black or STA is green,blue, and white

- [github project link](https://github.com/jcampbell18/php_STA_schedule)

## Movie Database Search

- [Source Code](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_moviesAPI)
- [Website]()

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jcampbell18/web_moviesAPI/blob/master/design/DesktopTemplate.png)
